They're like, what's going on in the house?
It's a party
Okay, we're recording.
Food. We talked about the pandemic.
We're talking about the pandemic. We need to go back to it
Are you a foodie when you go to Japan? Oh yeah?
Really? Like what do you go, what's like...
like give me a recommendation i'm going i don't know how to
Really? Oh, you don't like look for specific places or look through like...
social media.
Oh (***) has correct measure.. Yeah.
Oh really oh..
Oh right he's a foodie too.  taberogu.
Yeah, yeah
yeah
If you Google it, good stuff will come up.
Yeah, and then they have good, like, you have to read like the
recommended like, what's recommended, recommended
See who is actually doing it like they will say like
You know, I live here and I recommend or like I've traveled here
and blah, blah, you know. So usually they have good recommendations like that.
I find good like like stories with that too.
But I look through Isda, so like yeah yeah
you know because it's like they do like a whole like segment on it
Right. So this next trip I'm going in.
February I'm actually going to
place that only opens from like 8 to 12.
And they do, they serve katsuo like freshly.
Like graded cut soba sheets
and then that's all they serve so they serve it with like a bowl of rice
And then the flakes are like, it looks like a mountain.
Yeah, it's a lot (***)
Yeah, I don't think you're a foodie. Recently, I don't think you're a foodie.
yeah like if i'm traveling i want to eat like
things that are good in that place you know so
Oh, yeah japanese will agree about that
okay
uh-huh right yeah yeah
what was your favorite like have you like do you have like
Somewhere was memorable.
I bet, I bet, right? Japanese people are so good about like...
like not their food
right
I think American pallates
yeah it's too fast.
It's really fatty. yeah
It gets dry.
still have yummy. yeah exactly
Because it's not like quality fat you know
Yeah, it's just, yeah, it's like, what's that? Cowsie, I bet. It's like...
Everything is like more, they eat better like
Like the vegetation I feel like is better.
wow
yeah yeah